[visible confusion]
[horse's happy neigh]
Everyone tells me not to get old
I'm more worried about stonks and money
I'm so attached to my cell phone
But when they all leave, what does it all mean?
Oh! those lonely people where do you all call home?
Baby, I've been feelin’ nothing lately
Won't you find the time to save me
It's gettin’ late, i wanna go where you go
Everyone tells me not to get married
I'm more worried about dead old fashioned-love
Oh! those lonely people where do you all call home?
Baby, I've been feelin’ nothing lately
Won't you find the time to save me
It's gettin’ late, i wanna go where you go
Baby, ain't no drink that satisfies me
All these pills just make me hungry
Is it cool? i never wanted you to go
Straight through the heart with no form of answer
You were the one who shot me first
Anything i can do, he can do better!
Am i just for fun, am i just for fun?
[boogie time]
Baby, I've been feelin’ nothing lately
Won't you find the time to save me
It's gettin’ late, i wanna go where you go
Baby, ain't no drink that satisfies me
All these pills just make me hungry
Is it cool? i never wanted you to go
woah-oh-oh